MediaStore top level pages (#1374)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/mediastore/streaming/live-streaming/glass-to-glass-latency.md

* **Immediate manifest access** - In addition to storing video segments, **Momento MediaStore** also stores [manifest files](/mediastore/performance/adaptive-bitrates/hls) that guide the player in retrieving the appropriate segments. Quick access to these manifests is crucial for players to make decisions about which segments to load, further reducing delays.

> * **Scalability** - For liv estreams with massive audiences, such as sporting events or live concerts, **Momento MediaStore** scales effortlessly to handle millions of concurrent requests per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Scalability** - For livestreams with massive audiences, such as sporting events or live concerts, **Momento MediaStore** scales effortlessly to handle millions of concurrent requests per second.
```
